Updates:
Based on the feedbacks collected from the demo on 29/01/2021, I have added/updated the followings to this Beta version of the database:
1.	Cancellation of all delete functions:

  Deleting a batch, deleting a purchasing order, deleting a customer/supplier, deleting ingredient, deleting order, deleting order items have all been cancelled. 
  The only delete function applies to employee management. 

2.	Login: 

When the application is opened, the system pops up a login window that requires user’s input of correct combination of username and password to log in. 
Once logged in, the users, based on what positions (i.e., Database Administrator, Director and Employee), can go into different modules on the Menu page. 
Currently, the Database Administrator and Directors have access to all modules, while employee has access to only the tracing functions. 

3.	Employee Management: 

Only the Database Administrator and Director can get into this module. They can add, update, or delete an employee. 

4.	Changes on the Production Management:

  a.	When adding a batch to the database, the user needs to input the Expiration Date and the Weight (kg), in addition to what have been demonstrated. 
      At this stage, the system will automatically regard this newly added batch as unpacked. So, the quantity (actual packed boxes) displayed on the screen will be 0. 
      However, there is column of Estimated Boxes on the screen, which tells how many boxes, rounded to the nearest integer, are expected based on the input of weight, using the conversion (Weight*1000/300) as provided. 
  b.	Once the user has finished packing or have got the number of actual boxes, 
      the user can then go to the production management, find that batch and update it with the actual quantity. 
      This quantity, whose unit is box, is the quantity that is further used for sale, inventory or generating production report. 
  c.	With the newly added expiration date for each batch, the user now can filter the production by expiration date. 

5.	Changes on the Sales Management: 

  A new field, confirmed quantity, has been introduced to the sales management page. 
  This field records the finalized count of product from each used batch that are contained in this order. 
  It changes along with the status of the order. It will go to 0 when the status of the order is being set to Returned. 
  This helps the user easily grasp how many are expected to receive from the customer when an order is returned, as well as keep a good track of the returned inventory.
  Besides, the confirmed quantity is the data that is further used for generating sales report, inventory, and sale of each batch.
